---
layout: post
title: Week of 16 Jan - 22 Jan
---

### What did you do this past week?

Last week was the beginning of the semester so I've focused on getting settled into my new schedule. Outside of class I spent some time learning basics of the C++. Having a good amount of experience in java, so this process has not been too difficult. I also set up docker, but right now I still haven't decided whether I will use docker or ssh into the lab machines. 

### What's in your way?
Since only a week of the semester has gone by, there isn't much in my way right now. The only thing that I would consider in my way right now would be this class's quizzes. The prospect of a daily quiz is intimidating. However, I understand how quizzes are useful and they will  be something I have to get used to. Also, blogging is something that I am not familiar with. Answering these questions took me quite some time, but I am sure it will get easier as the semester progresses. 

### What will you do next week?
I plan on getting started on the first project as soon as possible. After looking at the "Workflow" portion on the class homepage, it is evident that I need to start early. Also for the textbook readings, I am going to make sure I do the reading throughout the week. Doing the ~40 pages of reading all at once was not fun. To prepare for the next quiz I am going to review my class notes as well as the assigned readings. For the readings I am going to take notes so that I can review them right before quizes. 

### What's my experience of the class?
The lectures have been interesting so far. I have always enjoyed the traditional lecture style classes, but the inquiry-based lessons are definitely more engaging. The pacing of the class lectures has been great. I also like that class notes are created during the class. Having the lesson's content typed out engages me far more than a static PowerPoint.

### What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?
I personally have trouble retaining information if I don't apply it. 

